Well, good evening, family. How are y'all
doing today? I thought I'd come on
and do a prayer video with you, and we'll
pray over the nation,
and we'll go over what the Lord showed
me in
our prayer time last time.
That was a dandy. I have never seen
in the spirit anything like what I was
shown
this last prayer video. And so I
had to process it.
Braden
and I both
did because he's been studying and seeing
all the things that I've been
telling him I was shown in the spirit
about the lizard people.
And I know it's way out there, and I
am not a sci-fi person.
I'm just telling you, this
was something that I have never seen in
all the times of me praying
in all my life. I've never seen what I
was shown
concerning all the
Nephilim—and
I don't want to butcher the
word
again—Nephilim,
whatever. But it was as we were
praying for Mark,
the prime minister of Canada,
and I did not know that he was coming to
America to have a meeting with President
Trump the next day.
And it was concerning the economy.
And when we were praying for
Mark—I
don't even know his last name, I'll
just say Canada PM. Carney.
Carney. Carney. We were praying for that
man, and we are praying for the revival
that will come forth out of Canada. But
I told you I saw great darkness trying
to come on the Canadian people
with great pressure
coming on the land. And it would be
persecution towards the body of Christ,
and it would be like an
olive press. And
as the olives were being pressed, a
new anointing, a new oil was coming
forth. And the Lord told us that we
would see a major revival
as people got righteous
indignation saying, "Hey, we've had
enough."And
I saw the church rise up like a
giant with a backbone,
a great mighty moving force in Canada,
and a great revival will spring forth
out of Canada in the days ahead. But it
will come forth out of persecution.
And that's what we were shown, that this
would start to take place because the
antichrist system was going to really
fast-track
in the days ahead, that we
would see a great fast-track concerning
things of the beast system.
Folks, we're living in the last of the last
days. I know I say this all the time, but
you truly need to hear me. Jesus Christ
is coming. If you cannot feel the
urgency in the spirit realm as we pray,
I guess your wood is wet. I mean, I
truly believe with all my heart
there's a stir, like my wife and I
were talking about today driving
around.
I said, "I've never felt the spirit realm
like this before. I've never felt the
pressure and the stirring to
intercede for this great outpouring and
this move of God like we're experiencing
right now,
getting ready to experience."I feel it.
I feel it's tangible. We're on the edge
of this, and the Lord told us,
when we hit the 23rd of September,
that that was the point of no return.
I got my tea ahead of time, and everybody
recommended this tea. They said,
"Brandon, buy that tea. Buy that tea."So, I bought this tea,
and I got those pills, you know, those
little—it's
called Breathe. It's
the Breathe stuff by Nature's
Sunshine.
And so Diana got me that. But it's
working because I'm not coughing like I was.
It still does when I talk a lot, but
I'm doing a lot better.
So, what we're seeing right now is
we have entered
into the beginning of the sorrows.
And I'm telling you by the spirit of God,
when I'm praying into this, and I have
been interceding big time—I'm talking I
have prayed more in the spirit this last
week than I have in probably my
whole entire life. It feels like
I continue, I'm continually not even
taking a break. It feels like I'm
just burning,
and I told Di, I said, "You just feel it.
There's something, there's a major
something that is about to take
place."And
this is one of the things that I wanted
to show you that I believe that the
power of prayer stopped today in
Washington.
And not very many people, you know, we
don't hear about everything. We only get
certain stories in the news they
give us, and they rerun those stories all
the time. We don't even hear half the
stuff that's going on in the nation. But
this is a major thing that was stopped
today. And I wonder how many of you all
heard about this major event taking
place. Go ahead and play that clip of
what was stopped today in Washington,
D.C., that a man—I'll just
give you a summary real quick before you
hear Fox.
A man told everybody that he was there
to assassinate
the Supreme Court judges. So here,
listen.
"Well, we are learning more about the
suspect that was arrested outside a DC
cathedral ahead of a mass marking the
start of the Supreme Court's new term.
Police are revealing he had a
massive supply of homemade
explosives.
Bizarre guy. Griff Jenkins joins us live
outside Washington with the details. Hey,
Griff.
Yeah, good morning, Brian, Ainsley, and
Lawrence. What's really frightening
about this is that Supreme Court
justices were expected to attend this
annual Red Mass, which marked the start
of a new Supreme Court term and honored
the judiciary. A 41-year-old South
Jersey man named Luis Geri arrested on
the cathedral's steps with more than 200
homemade explosives. They included
Molotov cocktails and vials containing
nitromethane, a compound used in the
Oklahoma City bombing. Now, court
documents show that Geri threatened to
detonate the devices and handed officers
writings, expressing anger towards the
Catholic Church, the Supreme Court
justices, members of the Jewish faith,
and get this, ICE, when officers
told the man they were going to forcibly
remove him. The court documents also say
that he responded by telling cops,
'Several of your people are going to die
from one of these.'Now, DC police said in
a statement during the arrest, officers
observed multiple suspicious items,
including vials of liquid and possible
fireworks inside of the suspect's tent.
The suspect is preliminarily charged
with unlawful entry, threats to kidnap or
injure a person, and possession of a
Molotov cocktail. The investigation is
ongoing. Reports say that security
threat actually prevented the justices
from attending. And now that suspect, Luis
Geri,
is being held without bond,
facing multiple charges, including
possession of a weapon of mass
destruction."So,
did anybody know that happened?
I just know the power of prayer.
I just know that prayer changes
things. And this is what I believe we're
called to do. We keep stopping these
events from taking place.
This man did not hurt anybody. He just
was—I
don't know if he exposed himself or
whatever happened, but
the law
enforcement stopped this man from
hurting anybody. The justices were safe.
200 explosive devices.
I mean
folks, that's a lot. And it was the same
stuff that was used in the Oklahoma City
thing,
back in the '90s. So
I just want to give God praise
when we do have
something like that of that magnitude,
that could have been something very
significant, stopped. You don't
just bypass it.
You have to give God glory for what he's
doing in our nation as he's stopping
things.
That no weapon, like we say over and over
again, no weapon formed against this country
is
going to prosper.
That if we as a people who are called by
his name will humble themselves and pray
and turn from their wicked ways, then we
will hear from heaven. And he said he
would heal our land. And as we
are praying by the thousands,
I truly believe if one
of us can put a thousand to
flight,
how much can 50,000 of us
put to flight? I can't even do the
math. Braden
would
have to
get the calculator out. But
that's
hundreds of thousands of angels,
hundreds of thousands of angels. Look at
what God can do with this
group of people. And I just believe this
is just the beginning. The Lord told us,
he said, Braden, I've called you right
now
to stand as a watchman on the wall and
tell my people that I'm coming, and I'm
doing exactly that. I'm warning you all
what's coming next.
And so as we were shown
the UK, you going to show them this
article real quick. I'm just showing you
some things that have come up in the
news before I get to the lizard people.
I was waiting; I was wanting some
more people to come in so they could
hear what I saw about the lizard people.
What is that? UK council said...
are you
talking about that one?
Yeah. What is that? 'UK council to
ban
Christians from praying for
people.'Yeah,
Christian preachers should be jailed for
up to two years. This is in the UK. So they're
trying to pass a bill
in the UK that if you come across
as
offensive to anybody, and ask them if
they need prayer or pray for them and it
offends them, they have the right to
prosecute you and put you in prison for
two
years for praying for people
in
the United Kingdom. And it's an
actual thing we studied because I thought,
'Oh, that's AI. Somebody's messing
around.'No,
it's real.
They have legislation that
they're going to try to put you in jail
for praying for people.
I said, 'Boy,
where are you going to put all the
people when the revival takes
place?'Do
you understand? Do you see
what the enemy is doing right now, folks?
Do you see it? He is trying to
forego
the revival. He knows what's been
prophesied. He knows what's coming:
the greatest harvest of souls this world
has ever seen before,
from sea to shining sea all the way
around. I'm telling you, the greatest
harvest of souls this world has ever
seen before. We're about to see it with
demonstrations and manifestations of the
glory of God. Creative, miracle-working
power is going to show up and show off
in this last day. I'm telling you, it's
time. God said, 'I'm leaving the
ninety-nine
and going after the one.'And that's
what we're about to see. We're going to
see this. And I believe Satan is at an
all-time high alert in his kingdom, and
he's freaking out. 'What do we do to
stop this?
So we don't want you praying for people;
we'll put you in jail for two
years.'He's
such a dirtbag.
So, that's what's happening.
Do you have a little video on that?
Yeah. Look, listen. You can hear
a little clip of it. This
is
a man over there in England. He's a
news reporter in England, and you can
hear it. I won't keep any of this up
very long because of
copyrights, but I'll let you hear a
little bit right now and then I'll pull
these little clips.
I don't have a choice.
But I want you to hear some of this. You
need to know what's coming.
This is why we're here to pray. Can you
let them hear it? 'With me, Martin
Daubney. Now, the Labour-run Rushmoor
Borough Council has sparked outrage by
proposing a sweeping injunction that
could see Christian street preachers
imprisoned for up to two years if the
injunction is breached, over claims
of causing offense or distress.
Under the proposed terms, Christians
will be banned from praying for
individuals, handing out religious
leaflets or Bibles by hand, and laying
hands on people in
prayer.'GBN
Tonight with me, Martin Daubney. Now, the
Labour-run Rushmoor Borough Council...
So, do you see that?
That's called persecution. And I told you
it was going to ramp up. I saw
persecution coming to the body of Christ
like you wouldn't believe. And I saw
antisemitism. I saw it all rising up.
And this was all part of the beast
system trying to come into play.
Satan, like I told you, knows his time
is up. Remember the vision that I had?
The Holy Spirit said this.
He said, 'Remember the vision.'I saw
that he was communicating to the Pope.
And all of a sudden, Satan
knew Adam's lease was coming up,
Adam's lease. And he started slithering
like a snake all throughout Europe, and
he spoke to the Pope, and he
was creating... he was getting ready to amp
up war.
And this is when I saw Apollyon coming
up. I saw so many things about war
that's about to escalate in Europe,
and there would be false flag events. I
saw the swastikas coming up
out of the ground, and I told you all I
saw satanic rituals taking place
summoning the Hitler spirit
that they were trying to conjure up by
witchcraft to bring forth the Mahdi.
I
know I probably butcher names, but they
have to create jihad.
This is what the Lord was telling me
about because he said, 'I want you to study
how many people have come across the
border illegally
and
pray into the secret cells of terrorist
organizations
in your nation,
for there are more than what you
realize.'And
so I started doing research with
my wife
and we found that they
believe and estimate over Joe Biden's
term of the four years we had over
seven
million people cross the border, up to
nine
million,
and they don't know who came across.
And the Lord told me, he said, 'Pray into
these ten major cities that I have
shown
you about,
and about the
uprising of antisemitism with Antifa
and these other organizations to try to
cause civil unrest in your country as a
great distraction to wound the eagle so
that they can have their way with Israel,
because the eagle is standing in the way
of protection as a big brother
to
Israel.
And it's all centered—all the end times
is
centered—around
the fig tree, just like Jesus said to
watch the fig tree. And this is what I'm
trying to tell you all: we are in the
end of the end here. And as I saw a
storm on all fronts in the days ahead,
whenever we see Ezekiel 38 and 39,
we're about to see a major uprising
before we get the peace
agreement to be able
to build the third temple.
Okay, that's what's coming into play
here. And this is when I saw Turkey
coming against
Israel in the days ahead with Syria,
because Syria will be struck and
Damascus will become a ruinous heap.
I know they're talking peace and safety
right now,
saying,
'Well, we're going to de-escalate Gaza,
and we're going to do all these things,
we're going to get the hostages back,
and we're signing these things.'But I'm
telling you, from what I have seen in the
spirit,
it will be short-lived. It will
be short-lived.
A great escalation.
This will be the hook in the jaw. It's
coming with Russia
and Iran and these others. And
I saw,
when I told you I saw Syria and Damascus
and the biological weapons that
will come against Israel in the
days ahead, I saw Turkey coming to
the
defense
of
Syria.
And they will be blood brothers because
they didn't care so much that Iran was
messed with. But when Syria is messed
with in the days ahead, they will all
come to the defense.
Iran was an unwanted stepchild;
they
didn't
really care so much. There
wasn't
so much of an
uprising concerning what happened back
in the 11-day war,
but I'm
telling you what I saw coming for Syria.
When this happens, you're going to see
the Arabs rise up and they're going to
be very upset.
I saw troop ground invasions with
the red hats coming against, and I saw
an uprising. That's why I told
you World War III. I saw Turkey beating
their drums, I saw all these things
coming. And these were visions I had
over three years ago.
And this is where I saw a major draft
trying to come forth in our nation.
But as we are distracted
with what's going on inward,
Ezekiel 38 and 39 take place.
Do you understand? Most people go,
'Well, I don't understand. Why are we
not in there helping them?'Well, the
hand of God
defends Israel;
that
is what the Bible says.
So, where is the big brother?
Big brother is putting out fires in his
own nation.
And I saw
an uprising of all kinds of craziness
happening here, and eventually, I
saw the dollar crash. I saw so much,
y'all.
And I saw the barrels rolling out over
Canada, and I saw a great depression
coming for Canada. And I want you to see
these barrels
in this article.
I'll post it for a second here,
but it's exactly what I've tried to warn
you all about what's coming for Canada:
a great economic depression.
There are
major things coming for Canada. And this
is when I saw shaking coming to British
Columbia. I saw a major
earthquake taking place. But here are these
whiskey barrels that I saw rolling down.
And
Canada,
you can just read it for yourselves.
Do you have it? Yeah,
right there. Look at that, those are the
whiskey barrels.
It's even what I'm seeing in the spirit,
but this is the type and shadow. This is
what I'm trying to tell you all. I hear
in part and see in part, but the Lord
is
warning us of things clear back.
I
told
you I saw
Cuba
rising up, and they will
form
a friendship, and it will be a repeat of the old
Cuban missile crisis. And I said Cuba
will help Russia in the days ahead.
How many times have I warned you all about
that, and now they're doing it?
I said, 'Little Kim will come to the aid
of Russia, and then
Venezuela.'I
said, 'Watch, Venezuela will jump in
the ring here pretty soon.
Watch Venezuela start sending people to
help Russia in the days ahead. I've
warned you
what the Spirit of the Lord told me to
tell you.'He said Russia, Venezuela,
Iran, and Kim
will
all be part of an alliance with Russia
concerning Ukraine. And then what will
happen? I told you, I said Russia
will use a weapon that we've never seen
before on Poland.
And it will be a weapon of mass
destruction that will not be nuclear,
but it will be a weapon that we've never
seen before.
It will have a mushroom cloud to it;
it will vaporize the people, but the
buildings will stay, and there will be
no radiation
so they can take it. And then I saw a
proxy government coming
into
Ukraine, and a new prime minister
will be... the other one,
you know what I'm saying,
he was a puppet.
And the puppet is removed,
and a new proxy government comes
into
Ukraine eventually. I saw it; that
is
what their plan was. And they had a
pro-Ukraine,
pro-Russian
government,
and he was an elderly man with gray
hair.
I have all these images the Lord gives
me when I pray.
And I saw an invasion coming. I saw
them taking Kiev.
I saw Russia taking it, and they said, 'We
do not want to stop with Ukraine. We
want Poland, and we want the old Soviet
Union
back.'Old
KGB thinking. That
is
what the Lord said. It
amazing because I remember all these. That
is
how, when the Spirit of the Lord
shows it to me, it is ingrained in me.
It becomes like it is a part of
me; I don't ever forget it. So,
we'll just bypass all that. You've
already heard it so much you probably
are tired of hearing it,
so we'll talk about the lizard people.
So, last prayer call,
I'm praying and the Lord shows me
what
looked like a
reptilian
in the royals.
It was golden,
and it had scaled skin with golden
eyes.
And the Lord said, 'I want you to pay
attention to the bloodlines, for these
are ancient things that have been
here.'And
then He said, 'Focus as on the
days of
Noah.'For
this verse, that little verse,
'As in the days of Noah, so will it be
when the Son of Man returns,'He said,
is
layered like an onion. There
much more to this verse
than just reading
it.
It's deep.
And the Lord warned us
about giants upon the land. Remember
why it was all flooded?
Because
they were trying to destroy the
bloodline
of pure humans, creating giants,
and angels sleeping with the women,
and it was crazy,
right? So the Lord said,
'Watch the royals:
England,
Saudi Arabia,
the Mayans
down in
South America, the Mexico
area.'He
said, 'Watch it.'He said, 'Your
ancestors...'Excuse
me,
I hope that wasn't loud.
'Your ancestors
were warning you of something.
They were warning you of something.
All writing on the wall.'And He said,
'Look at the Native Americans in
North America.'And then I
heard the word 'ant people.'I
had
no idea why I was hearing
these things.
He said, 'Ant people
living underground.
This stuff still exists.'And I
said, 'Lord,'that's what
I said, 'Lord,
this sounds like
sci-fi.'I'm
hearing this by the Spirit
of God, y'all. And then
people are telling me in email,
'Brandon, look at L.A. Marzulli or
whoever, and look at this, and look at
this.'And
I said, 'I
don't know about these people. I don't
know about them. I don't
follow their ministries or what they do.
I'm just telling you, I'm very
cautious about what I let in.
I don't know who they are, so I have to
be very watchful. Not saying they're
bad, not saying I don't know. So, I'm
just telling you,
they say, 'Watch this
guy,'and
then, 'Steve Quayle,
they'll confirm what you're
saying.'But
I'm telling you by what I saw by the
Spirit of God.
And the Lord said to me
that there are
crossbreeds.
He said, 'You don't know what
you're looking at.
They're amongst you, they're among
you.'And
He said, 'Look to
China.'And
this is heavy.
So, I've taken two days and prayed over
that. I didn't make a video last night
because I told Braden, I said,
He said, 'I will show you more,
but as the days of Noah, Brandon,
they're among you, and you
don't even see it.'They're what? What was
the exact word, son?
'They're among you.
You
don't even
detect
them.'Like,
and that's way out there. But as I was
trying to show you the picture of what
this lizard-looking man looked like,
Brandon made it for you.
I tried to show you what the lizard
looked like,
the one in England,
but each lineage looked different than
the
other—fallen
angel stuff,
fallen angel stuff. So, the one in Saudi
Arabia
looked different than the one in
England.
The one in the South America area,
in
Mexico, that area down there, looked
more like a
bird—looked
like a bird-lizard thing, like a
bird.
Weird
stuff, like the hieroglyphics on their
walls in Egypt,
like I try to tell you, like the
centaur,
half-horse,
half-man.
Weird stuff.
This is a fallen angel
demonic mixture of humans
with angel stuff
from
what I'm getting in prayer.
But I thought it was interesting. The
Lord said, 'Look to the caves.
Look to the caves,
Brandon.'And
I kept praying, and He said, 'I'm
warning you of a great deception that's
coming.
For many people will see and be deceived
at what's coming in the days ahead.
False alien invasions are coming.
Remember, if we can entertain angels
unaware, you can entertain demons
unaware.'That's
what the Lord said.
Fallen angel stuff.
And so it was really over the top.
And so, you know, I don't focus on
darkness that much, but that was dark
what I saw.
He
said every one of these cultures
that
I'm telling you all had human
sacrifice of some kind.
It was presented to
those
fallen angel deities; they presented
themselves as
gods.
And they made human sacrifice to those
deity things, these demonic beings
that were half human, half
fallen demon.
And so I'm trying to tell you all
from
just what little bit I got. And I know
it probably weirded some people out
because
it weirded me out, I'm just being real
with y'all. I told
Braden
when I'm seeing stuff like that
in the spirit, I'll give it to you the
way
I'm seeing it. Oh, and He even
talked about the city of Atlantis,
that it was an actual city.
And I said, 'Lord,'and it was
around by
Africa—over-the-top
stuff, y'all. And I was
seeing, I was like, look at this. But
there's
actual ruins that people could go
in the water and you'd see it.
But over time, stuff gets buried.
But there's actual stuff there. And the
Lord was showing me it's in the water,
it's in the ocean.
There's dark things, things that people
don't realize, that his stuff is still
there in the water.
So, these
pictures that my son puts out, this is
the stuff they're trying to tell, they're
trying to communicate. And I'm
telling y'all, it seems way out there,
but that's why I said I try to
tiptoe around it and I just go,
'Okay.'But
the Lord showed, he said, 'Pray to tell you
all that a great deception is
coming.'A
great deception is coming. This will
usher in the beginning. Even more so, I'm
telling you, it will all circle around
the Antichrist and the fallen
stuff, as in the days of Noah.
And I know that's way out there. So,
let's pray tonight. You know, I
don't know how long did that take. Did I
take too long?
Thirty
minutes.
I did good, 30 minutes. I tried.
I told Braden, I said, 'Don't let me sit
there and ramble over an hour tonight. I
want to keep it about 30
minutes.'We
did it.
I didn't want to sit there and just talk
to
y'all until you're going, 'Man, this guy's
boring.'But,
you know, I tried to tell
you what the Lord is saying and
keep your attention, because my
click-through rate, they click out, and I
want them to stick around and hear what
God is saying. I want
to make it where it's not boring.
I ramble too much.
So, here we go. Let's take
communion and pray. 'Disguised in plain
view. You don't realize who's among
you.'Yes,
do they remember what I said?
They did. 'Disguised in plain
view.'Oh,
you found it. Yeah.
'Disguised in plain view, you don't
realize who's among
you.'That
was what the spirit of the Lord
said. 'Disguised in plain view, you do
not realize who is among
you.'I
had to process that.
But it was after I was praying over
Mark
and then he showed me the lizard and it
was behind them,
and I thought,
what are you saying
is
disguised? I don't believe the Lord was
saying that Mark was a lizard, but I
was just thinking.
I know that Canada—as I saw the scorpion
tail coming out of
King Charles, and he was poised
to strike Australia,
Canada,
the United Kingdom,
all his area, Ireland,
places of his influence, France, and he
was turning his body like a
scorpion. He was moving around and he
was looking at the area,
and I thought, 'I didn't realize the
royals had that much authority.'I don't
know, I'm not
familiar with the culture.
I'm just a southern boy,
so I just go,
'Okay.'But
as I was seeing the royals rise up,
and
for the Mahdi is coming concerning
Saudi Arabia and all this, and I saw
that's when
the sand king, the things that will take
place coming up out of Saudi Arabia,
and you will see the Mahdi coming from
there.
That's what I've seen.
I still believe he's MBS.
That's my personal opinion.
Everybody says it was Obama, it's the prince,
it's the king, it's this. I say,
this is my opinion, it is
Mohammed bin Salman.
That's who I believe the Antichrist
is. And you will see
Emmanuel Macron rise up as an Ishmael
before the Isaac.
The Ishmael will come forth before the
Isaac, and the Ishmael is Emmanuel
Macron.
The Isaac, the true Antichrist, is
being groomed behind
a curtain,
and it was red with gold, and there
were
demons making his face and
getting him ready. He wasn't ready for
the scene yet because the great
restrainer is still restraining him.
So, Emmanuel Macron is the one I believe
is the Ishmael that will pave the way,
and in the days ahead, he will rise up
more like a tyrant.
And people will say Emmanuel Macron is
the Antichrist.
This is what I saw when I was praying.
And most people will say Emmanuel Macron
is the Antichrist.
Oh, for sure, especially
with his patterns and what he's going to
do in the days ahead.
But
they'll be surprised
because he is the
Mahdi.
He will come on. And that's why
whenever you don't accept the mark,
they go and they take you right
off and it rolls down the
road.
But most people don't see it yet.
'He that has ears to hear, let him hear
what the Spirit is
saying.'And
if you say, 'Well, Brandon, you're
off,'then
I'm off. I'll be the first one to
tell you, 'You know what? I apologize. I
missed it.
It was Emmanuel Macron. It was this, it
was that.'Some people say it's Trump. I
don't believe Trump. Trump is not the Antichrist, folks. I don't believe
that
at all.
I believe that God sent him for such a
time as this to help America, to give us
one last call,
a reprieve—a
three-and-a-half-year
reprieve before a major, major shaking.
If we would have had
Kamala,
things would have escalated even faster.
But I'm telling you, God said, 'I'm going
to give you a reprieve,
a window
for a harvest of souls for three and a
half
years.'Now,
it's what he keeps talking about.
'No,
it's less than that.
Three years. Three years and three
months.
What will you do with the window that I
have given you?'He said,
'Will you squander it away?
Will you squander it
away?'Preachers,
it's time to preach repentance,
holiness back in the pulpits, and tell
the people that Jesus Christ is coming,
and he's coming sooner than you think.
But he said, 'Brandon, this is one last
call. Watch the Shemitah cycle.'The next
one
from whenever
Israel became a nation in
1948—seven
years, seven years, seven years—the
Shemitah
cycle
that ends
at
the end of Trump's term,
starting a new one. That's the time
frame I'm praying about for the rapture
of
the church.
That's what I'm praying for.
Some people I've heard say they
believe we'll go up to 2032,
but in my heart, I'm praying for a
three-and-a-half-year
window for a major
revival, for a major harvest of souls
around that time frame. And so, nobody
knows the day or the hour. I'm not saying I
know the day or the hour, but he said,
'Watch the fig tree and watch the
signs.'So
we look at the year and we look at
the month. We may not know the day or
the hour, but we may have—you can feel it
inside, you can sense it. And I
believe if we see a major harvest, we've
seen
it with Charlie Kirk, we've seen all
this stuff. But I believe a major event,
a shaking to awaken, is coming to this
nation.
He said, 'You thought COVID was a shaking
to awaken.
You thought 9/11 was a shaking to
awaken.
There's
nothing
like
what I've seen
coming.'There'll
be a shaking in politics,
there'll be a shaking in the finances
with what will try to be another
Great Depression,
a shaking in the earth with earthquakes,
a shaking in the heavens with asteroids and
things like that, comets,
and a shaking in the church.
Five major shakings. Did I say them all
right?
Okay, because sometimes I might skip one and
say it twice.
But he said out of those five major
shakings, they'll all happen. And as labor
pains upon a woman, so will it be when
the Son of Man returns. It will come.
Watch it.
Labor pains. And he said, 'Watch, because
the 23rd, when they go to the UN,
this will be the point of no return.
This will be the point of no return.
There's no more epidural,
Brandon.'That's
what he's saying.
As a certain point in time
with a woman's labor you can get an
epidural, he said, 'Brandon, it's the
pushing time
now.'Things
will accelerate so quickly in the
days ahead that the
reaper and the sower will go hand in
hand. He said,
'Men's
hearts will fail them for fear,
looking after those things that are
coming upon the earth, for the powers of
heaven will be
shaken.'Ladies
and gentlemen, I'm telling you,
we're about to see things that you never
dreamed you would see. Many people
thought we'd be out of here by now, but
I'm telling you that we're at the
beginning of sorrows.
We're at the sorrows,
it's go time. A major harvest
is coming. I'm telling you, God is
going after—leaving the 99 and going
after the one.
And that's why He said, "Brandon, I
raise
you up right now to pray
for things can be changed and you can
protect people with the power of
prayer."Sobering
days are coming. He said, "And
they must know Psalms 91 and Psalms 23
or they will not make
it."I
said, "A major plague is coming again
that will make COVID look like a walk in
the
park."So,
I warned you of everything.
I kind of went over it again
tonight
for people who are new. I have so many
new faces. I think we grew by 10,000
people in the last couple weeks.
Amazing what the Lord has done here:
10,000 new subs,
prayer warriors.
So, we're so thankful for all you 10,000
new people. So I go over it because
there's so many new faces all the time
and it needs to be said over and over
and over again, just like Jeremiah did.
It seems so redundant when you read
the book of Jeremiah,
you go, "How many times he warned these
people the same thing?"Well, the God of
mercy is the same yesterday, today and
forever. And He warns His people over
and over and over again to tell you that
He's coming, just like John the Baptist
warned them the first time.
Guess what?
He's going to have people say stuff
again.
I can't even tie John the
Baptist's
shoelaces for who he
was,
but I try to be a sidekick
and
tell you all, "Jesus is
coming,"over
in that peanut gallery.
And
compared to those men of God back then,
I'll be the peanut gallery.
Jesus is coming. You got to get ready.
So, let's take communion and pray
together and see if the Lord wants to
show us anything. If not, I won't keep
you long, but I want to pray in the
spirit and we'll see if the Lord has
anything for us tonight. But we pray
for our land. We pray for our president.
We pray for the peace of Jerusalem.
We pray for these things because it's
important that we do
for antisemitism. I'm telling you,
protests and rallies
like we've never seen before, as we saw
it in Australia this last week as they
were protesting around the
opera house.
But guess what?
I saw there was burning and fires and
everything else in those protests and
not one thing happened.
Isn't that amazing?
It happened—just everything happened
but the fires.
They all rise up and all the things, and
I saw bomb
blasts
and things trying
to happen,
but nothing,
it was peaceful for what I saw.
Maybe I'm wrong. You in Australia, if
you're watching, you say,
"Brandon,
you're
wrong."I
don't know if there were peaceful
protests
or not,
but He said, "Watch Australia,"and there
will be—back
in March—and
He said, "There'll be a major
drought
and the land will crack and the
kangaroos will have no
water."And
He said, "It will be a very, very, very
hot summer for Australia, and
it's a
foreshadowing—the
drought represents
a spiritual drought that will come
in
to
reign."Speak
to the weather
as drought tries to even set in over
Oklahoma and Texas in these areas. The
Lord said, "You have power and
authority."Because
He said, "Weather
manipulation will come in the days
ahead."And
they will weaponize weather in a way
that you've never seen before
with superstorms, microbursts, with
winds, excesses of wind gusts beyond
anything that you ever—it will be... I
saw
major, major tornadoes,
and one of the largest tornadoes hit
Nebraska, and I didn't even realize it.
And somebody said to me, said,
"Brandon,
you remember you prophesied this up
there and you saw a major tornado hit
that area."It was an
F5
hit Nebraska up there.
And I said, "I remember I gave the
word. I forget about it because I keep
praying. I keep going."And the
Lord said, "Look at that."There was
a
category
five—I
mean, not hurricane, tornado.
And that's a major tornado.
So, I thought it
was interesting, you know, just like He
warned us about it.
So, okay, here we go.
Let's pray.
Brandon's
said enough.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for Your body
that was broken for us.
I thank You, Lord, that we have power
and authority over the devil and nothing
shall by any means hurt us.
I thank You, Father, that we can take
this body, and You said in Your word that
You were wounded for our transgressions,
You were bruised for our iniquities, the
chastisement of our peace was upon You,
and with Your stripes we're healed. And
we're believing believers that are
healed by the stripes of Jesus tonight.
We call ourselves well. We call
ourselves
delivered. We call ourselves free by the
blood of the Lamb and by the word of our
testimony.
He came to set the captives free.
Jesus Christ paid the price for you to
walk in victory over sin, sickness,
disease, poverty, and lack. He came and
He died for you and me.
Nothing's too big and nothing's too small;
Jesus Christ paid the price for it all.
And I believe there's power in
communion.
This is not a religious act, but it's a
relationship.
This is about relationship.
Jesus paid the price for you to be able
to sit in the heavenlies, far above all
principalities. And we can go right into
His throne room,
not as servants, but as children,
and say, "Jesus, I'm here.
I need You.
I need a fresh drink today.
I'm thirsty.
Can I sit at Your feet today?
I need a fresh touch from Jesus today.
My cup is empty.
I need a drink.
And You are the living
water."And
the Bible says that the name of the
Lord is a strong tower, and the righteous
run into it and they are safe.
I believe that today, Father, that You
are that same Jesus—that You said in
Your word that Jesus Christ is the same
yesterday, today, and forever.
And if You healed the sick 2,000 years
ago, Lord, You heal the sick today.
If we could have the faith of a mustard
seed, You said we could move a mountain.
And I believe that tonight there
are
many people that will be healed
of their sickness and what
they're going through. That tonight,
they have an expiration date to what
they're going through.
You may be going through hell. You may
be walking through the valley of the
shadow of death right now,
but I believe His rod and His staff,
they
comfort.
They're protecting you.
They're watching over. He's watching
over you. And I believe
that the angelic armies,
the host of heaven, are here to protect
us.
And they bear us up in their hands lest
we dash our foot against a stone.
I believe with all my heart that this is
not some religious act, that this is
relationship.
And I believe that tonight as we take
it, we're healed by Your stripes. And I
believe, Father, for them. And I
believe, Father, that they're healed and
whole and well in the mighty name of
Jesus. And as we take this, believe that
you're healed. As you take this, don't
just take a cracker and put it in your
mouth. This represents something more.
This is relationship. It's like Perry
and them say, "This is the meal that
heals."Either
you believe it or you don't.
I'm a believing believer that believes
in the power of the blood of Jesus.
in the power of the healing atonement,
the cleansing flood that washed us white
as snow.
And I take this body in the name of
Jesus.
Thank You, Lord, for the blood.
And we make much of the blood, and the
blood makes much of us.
And we believe, Father, that it's never
lost its power. For it reaches to the
highest mountain, and it flows to the
lowest valley.
The blood,
the blood of Jesus has never lost its
power.
One drop of blood
can save you.
One drop
can save all humanity. Do you
understand? There's power,
power, wonder-working power in the blood
of the Lamb.
There is power, power, oh,
wonder-working
power
in the precious blood of the Lamb.
Would you be free from your burden of
sin? There's power in the blood, power
in the blood. Do you believe that
tonight? There's power in the blood.
There's wonder-working power in the
blood.
Father, I take the blood and I thank
you, Lord, that you forgive me of my
sins. Everything I've done wrong today,
everything I may have messed up on, I
thank you that it's under the blood. And
it's by your grace I'm saved through
faith.
And I thank you, Lord, that I'm washed
and that there's a cleansing flow with the
blood of Jesus. And I plead the blood
over the atmosphere of this house
tonight. And I cover it in the name of
Jesus, that no witchcraft, no
incantations, no chants, no voodoo,
nor
any kind of evil come near us.
And I put angels all around this house
and around me, my wife, my
children, and over our finances. And you
said in your word, Father, that you sent
your angels to keep charge over me.
You watch over us, Father.
We thank you, Lord, for the mighty,
precious blood of Jesus.
And I plead the blood over my eyes,
Father, that I will not see anything
from the devil, but I only see from
you.
And Father, I thank you, Lord,
uninterrupted, unhindered by any satanic
or demonic force.
Father, I thank you that you speak
through my vocal cords and you think
through my mind.
None of me and all of you,
in
Jesus'name.
I plead the blood. Take the blood
right now with me.
We take the communion.
Thank you, Father.
What can wash away my sins?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can make me whole again?
I feel the anointing so strong,
just
moving
in.
Oh, thank you, Father, for the glory.
I can't start crying because I'm coughing.
Hallelujah.
What can wash away my sin?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can make me whole again?
It makes me white as snow.
It
washes me white as snow.
Fill our cup, Lord,
we lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench
this thirsting of our soul.
Bread of heaven,
feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup,
I lift it up and make me whole.
Fill my cup, Lord,
I lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench
this thirsting of our soul.
Bread of heaven,
feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup,
I lift it up and make me whole.
Bread of heaven,
feed me till I want
no more.
Fill my cup,
I lift it up
and you make me whole.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Father. We
do a dance;
He leads and we follow.
There's no rushing.
You wait until you feel the
atmosphere change for prayer.
I don't just barge in there and be rude,
saying,
'I'm coming here to pray, Lord, listen to
me.'I
say, 'Father, I'm here. I worship
you.'And
He inhabits the praises of His
people.
And as you do this
and you worship Him, then you enter into
His throne boldly.
You take communion and you worship.
You are so good. You are beautiful
beyond description,
too marvelous for words,
too wonderful for comprehension,
like nothing ever seen or heard.
Who can grasp
your infinite wisdom?
Who can fathom the depth of your love?
I stand in awe of you, Lord.
I stand
in awe of you.
I stand in awe of you.
Holy God,
to whom
all praise is due,
I stand in awe of you.
I stand
in awe of you.
It feels pretty good. You can move now
in
there.
He said, 'One more song.'Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, there's just something about your name. Master, Savior, Jesus, like a fragrance after the rain. Jesus, Jesus,
Jesus, let all heaven and earth proclaim. Kings and kingdoms will all pass away, but there's something about your name, Jesus.
Jesus,
there's just something
about
your name.
Master,
Savior,
Jesus,
like a fragrance
after
the rain. Jesus,
Jesus,
let all heaven
and earth
proclaim.
Kings
and kingdoms
will all pass away,
but there's something
about
your name,
Jesus.
Jesus,
there's just something
about
your name.
It's funny, I can feel
the
shift.
Yeah, that's what He's
saying.
He's talking about Rome.
You lead, I
follow.
I would try
it.
I do what He says.
Every single time
I listen, I hear what He's saying.
He's talking about Rome, and He says
a
great shaking is coming
to Rome.
He's bringing it up again to warn the
people. A great, great shaking. A great,
great shaking is coming. I
never
do
this,
but
I'm
doing
it
in
obedience
to what
He
asked
me
to
do.
I'm
covering
my
head,
and I'm going to pray like this for a
minute.
I'm
not Jewish,
but I pray
over—this
is my prayer shawl and I pray with
it every single time.
So I'm just obeying what I'm
hearing and seeing.
As I saw in the vision, this is on my
head, and as I was looking into the
Vatican, I could see into the Vatican,
and a great shaking is coming to the
Vatican. A great, great shaking is coming
to the Vatican.
I see a great, great move of God again
all around California. I see another
move like an Azusa Street revival.
But it will not just be one
place. It will be
multiple places
that will look like Azusa Street all
around the world.
Oh,
I
see. And unlikely places,
unlikely places. I hear the Spirit of the
Lord say:
unlikely places. There will be
demonstrations and manifestations.
Everybody thinks, 'Well, it's going to have
to be in this way. It's going to have to
be in this way. This is going
to be the way it's going to be.
Oh
well, it's in this church because it has
all the bells, it has all of the lights,
it has all the
stuff,'but
it will be in the most unlikely
places,
like barns.
Oh, I see it so clear:
places of humility,
just like it was in the stables before.
Just like His Son came
and was born in a manger,
He's showing up again in places that are
most unlikely.
You have your grand idea of where you'll
see a great revival,
but it will be like Holy Ghost
Woodstock.
It will be brush arbor churches.
He's going to visit even in pastures,
pastures like country
with cow patties in the road.
The glory
in theaters
and schools.
And He will use the most
unlikely people—no
names,
no names.
blue-collar,
white-collar,
it doesn't
matter.
I see the glory of the Lord on the land.
I see the glory on the land.
I see the glory of the Lord on the land
again.
It will look so dark all around you.
It will look so dark all around you as
the church rises up.
It will look the darkest it has ever
looked.
In
some places, it will look even more
dark than others.
You'll think, like I said, that the
tribulation would have already
begun in these areas. That's what it's
going to look like.
But the glorious outpouring, the glorious
church,
will come out of it. I see great pressure.
I see a great pressure,
and a holy hush
will fall upon the people.
The weight of the glory
will be on the services,
and you will be
able to hear a pin drop
because of the stillness in the
room, because the glory of the Lord will
rest upon
them.
I see F-16s
going off of
an
aircraft carrier right now.
I see F-16s going off of an aircraft carrier, and
these are
American fighters.
They're going off. And this looks like
the Atlantic Ocean.
I know the direction of it because I can
feel it.
I see
F-16s...
those fighter jets. Someone might
say, 'Well,
they don't use F-16s on carriers.'This is what it
looks like.
I see the afterglow that comes from
the engine, and that's why it's focused
right there in this vision, and
it's blowing out of
the engine, getting ready to take off.
You know what it's like? They're
revving the engine, ready to
take off.
That's what it looks like. But they're
going to battle.
What more to that, Lord? What more to
that?
And
I'm going to just tell you all
this. He said, 'Lose yourself in the
prayer and forget about the
people.'That's
what He said to me.
'Do it like you do at
home.'I
see it.
So, that's what we're going to do.
Lose yourself in the prayer.
Forget about whoever is around you.
You're going to be praying on another
level right now.
And that's what the Lord said. I need
you to make great intercession
right now.
Great prayer.
I see it.
I do. I see it.
Okay, I'll tell you what I'm seeing,
okay? But I won't take a lot of time for
this. I see snow upon the ground. And I
see a war.
I see war
and I see the troops. I see the Nazi
symbol again. And I don't know why, but I
keep
going to
Warsaw.
I keep going there. And I keep going back
in time, and I keep going into the time
of World War II.
And
I'm
praying over Poland.
You understand?
It's all—I see it all.
What's the one? It starts with
Belarus.
It's there. It's highlighted right here.
I see it
and it goes up, but they're in it:
Poland,
Germany,
and there's one down here.
There's one down
here—Transylvania.
I see it down here.
And the people are walking
on the ground. They're
just—but
they're in modern
uniforms. They went from back old all
the way forward and they're in modern
uniforms. But this white camo
fatigue—white
camo. They have white
camo on,
with the hats
with the ears, the
things on there, you know, like
the Elmer Fudd things. You know what I'm
talking about? Those
hats
and
the
men.
Pray on this.
Oh my.
The primary focus is Poland.
But I see
the—
Okay, it's happening
in Israel at the same time. I see like
explosions going off in Israel again.
And I
see Turkey's involved. I see this
is all like a holy war over here and a
European war over here,
all at the same time. And now I see
little Kim behind it.
It will expand. I
see it expanding.
It won't just be in
Ukraine. It's trying to expand. It
tries to expand where I told you.
Do you see it?
Romania.
You hear me?
Why would I see
Romania? But it's out, it's
highlighted.
But the main focus is Poland.
And I see cold, I see snow
upon the ground.
Canada involved,
England, France, Germany,
even Italy.
But it's not the—it's the front half.
It's the one that's not closest to
the water, but it's this half.
Italy.
Now,
this is interesting, and I'll say it like
this.
I see a garment
that looks like linen
that's on a man.
And on this linen, I see what looks like
the snake, like
red and yellow, killer fellow.
Like it goes red, white,
black, white, and red.
Yep.
Red,
red, all red. White, black, white, black,
white, red
on the garment.
It's like a scarf on this
man.
It's pointed out. The Lord
is
highlighting this garment.
Red, white,
black, white, black, white, red.
I don't know what that is.
It
almost looks
like a Jewish cloth,
like the one Moses wore in the
Ten
Commandments with Charlton Heston.
It looks similar to that.
I see so many people so hungry.
I see Moscow.
I see
Moscow.
I
see
long-range missiles. I'm talking a
barrage
going into Moscow.
Do you hear me?
I see long-range missiles and they have
a red tip on the
top of
the missile,
and they're going into—and I see them
coming out of this area going into
Moscow.
It's that missile right there. That's
the one I'm looking at right
there. What is that? Tomahawk missile.
That's what I see right there.
That's what
Trump just gave. Okay. They're going to
use that. They're going to use that and
they're going to shoot it into Moscow.
Do you hear what I'm telling you? I see
it. I see it so clear, son.
I see it so clear. They're going to
shoot it out of Ukraine. I see it coming
out and it has a red tip on it and it
shoots and goes into Moscow.
They're
going to use it. And
a barrage,
like a bunch.
It looks like fireworks
all shooting off at once.
They're going to use it and they're
going to shoot it into Moscow.
And this will be a provoking
for a great escalation that will come from
this.
A great escalation, I hear the spirit of
the Lord say, will come from this. And
there will be a war upon all fronts.
And
I see people running. I see
the people running
and they're in cold outfits.
I see
red tips.
I see the bombs
and they're coming off.
They're coming out of submarines. I see
submarines.
Yep. It's coming out of the ocean down
there.
They're
going to shoot them off and they're
going to bomb. These are very bad.
This is Russia.
I see Russia
coming off of subs.
I see them striking Poland.
And
I see China lurking in the background.
And China will try to take Taiwan.
They're highlighted again, son.
They're highlighted again. I see a
golden light around them.
And I
see financial disruption in China.
I see financial trouble coming to China.
Great financial disruption.
And I see
Xi
Jinpin—you
know who I'm talking about,
the man over China.
He's in trouble.
He's under great pressure.
I see great pressure on this man
from all these fingers.
Okay. So, in this vision, I see this
man, this Xi Jinpin guy. And I see
a lot of fingers pointing at him like
this.
There's a hand here, there's a hand
here, there's a hand here, and they go
all the way around him. And they're
pointing and they're wagging their
finger at him.
And he's standing there in the middle.
And I see the
old—this
is
interesting—I
see
the old Russian Soviet Union flag
with the iron
anchor thing.
It's behind him.
Yep. That's what I see right there, son.
I don't know why, but I see that behind
him.
And I see fingers pointing at him.
They're all pointing at him. These
people, they look like a man's hand.
None of these are women's hands. These
are all men's hands wagging their finger
at him. Lord said, 'Don't focus on it
more.
I'm going to take you somewhere
else.'Pressure
to
produce.
Pressure to produce.
Yeah.
Okay, so now I see money.
I see Taipei. I see buildings that
have
lights on in these
areas, like buildings. And I hear
the words 'pressure to produce'and he's
looking at Taiwan.
He's turned his face toward Taiwan
and he's looking at it, but it's a
panda.
And he's looking and he's gazing at
Taiwan,
and he's looking towards South
Korea
through North Korea
with extensions.
I see extensions
trying to infiltrate South Korea,
but they're strong yet.
They put up a fight.
No,
no,
no.
I see Kim being promised so much
like a brotherhood.
I see Kim
trying to come to the forefront over
here. Russia
is
summoning him:
'Help us and we'll help
you.'I
hear, 'Help us and we will help you.
Help us and we will help
you.'They've
said it three times. I hear it three
times. 'Help us and we will help
you.'Out
of desperation.
A social pariah, he is.
They don't want to deal with him.
But he's the guy over here.
He has an odor.
I see, you know, like
he has flies coming off of him with
an
odor like a soiled diaper in the
cartoons.
There's an odor on this man
and they see that he stinks, but
they want to use him because he's just
there.
Okay,
he's standing there. He's very heavy.
He's very overweight,
but he's even
fatter
than what he is now.
He looks very morbidly obese.
Rolls upon rolls,
fat rolls.
But they're
looking in his direction because he's a
pawn
and he has stink coming off of him.
And Putin
has sweat beads coming off of
his head.
He's under great pressure,
great pressure.
His resources are thin.
His resources are thin. I hear this
twice now.
His resources are
thin.
He's running out of money.
He's running out of resources, military.
I wish
you could see this.
He's turning his face
and he's looking towards Kim,
and he's looking towards China. But China
is
under pressure too with all
the fingers pointing at him like this,
and he's being pressured to perform
and he has pressure on him.
So he has his back. Russia is up here
like this, and China has his back
towards Russia,
like, 'I have my own stuff to
deal
with.'And
then Kim is over
here.
And
this is going to sound really nasty, but
he is in a diaper,
like a sumo wrestler diaper.
Now the Lord said, 'I'm taking you back
to
Europe.'He
said he's
painting a picture for you today right
here. Now he said to go over here, and I
see Macron.
I see trouble in Macron. France is in
trouble. France, there's chaos. I see
chaos,
false flag event,
black swan event. I see a black swan. I
see a black swan
with an orange beak.
Yep, a black swan with an orange beak.
Okay. Now the Lord said, 'Pray into
this.'He
said, 'I'm not going to show you.'He said,
'Pause there.'And
now he said, 'Pray
into it.'Now pray into it, okay? So I'm
going to pray in tongues for a minute
about this.
I see the Olympic rings.
That's very interesting. I see the
Vatican again.
I see the Vatican.
Trouble within,
trouble
within,
within.
And the Lord said it's going to keep
escalating
and escalating and escalating and
before this is what brings the
antichrist on. Do you understand?
It's world turmoil
and the church is removed. A great
revival,
great revival. That's why I said it
looks very dark as the revival takes
place.
I keep looking and I
see—I'm
talking it looks like World War II.
How the tent revivals you see,
all these things are going to
start happening. I'm
talking about escalation of everything
all around
us—escalation,
war, famine,
everything that he said in Matthew 24:
wars and rumors of wars, plagues,
pestilences,
and earthquakes in divers places.
We're going to see this stuff.
Escalation, escalation, and then the
church rises, and then
boop,
and then I'm telling you folks,
it's going to be like
we've never seen before. And it all
starts from
Rosh
Hashanah. Thank you. Rosh Hashanah
the 23rd.
Escalation, escalation,
a digital frontier, a new digital age,
a new digital platform bringing forth
all this crypto and all this stuff,
bringing forth the beast system.
It's all underlying
a cashless society,
a digital ID.
It's all this coming.
Jesus Christ is coming.
It's going to escalate like you've
never seen it before.
I see Tomahawk missiles going into, as my
son showed you,
going into Moscow.
And it's not just one;
it's a bombardment of
them
around the Kremlin.
I could see the Kremlin, I could see fire, I
could
see a bombardment. And I'm talking
about a great escalation,
and that's what I saw. I
saw Poland, I could see all these areas,
and I'm talking troops on the ground,
and Kim was in the background.
This was very full tonight
for what I see,
and it gets out of control.
So can we stop it?
You say, 'Can we stop this?'I believe we
will see wars and rumors of
wars.
This in my spirit as I'm praying into
this,
it was pretty big.
Not pretty big, it's huge. I'm just not
trying to be fearful.
And as the same going on, it was Russia
and then he was looking at Taiwan. It
was really amazing, Braden, because all
these leaders are just looking around
and it's like wanting to go grab
position. But you know what was
interesting about the whole thing?
I didn't see Trump one time.
Where is Trump
in all this?
That was a very interesting part of it.
I always look at the leaders and who I'm
seeing, but Trump was silent. He was not
around. Where was he at in this vision
tonight?
That's very odd.
Usually, he's one of the first ones I
see, like really bold.
Think about it.
Wasn't that interesting?
But I saw
our aircraft carriers
in the ocean
with our jets. That was the first thing
I saw, wasn't it?
With the jets taking off. They looked
like fighter jets. They were
like F-16 looking fighter jets.
My goodness, folks.
That's what they were wearing, son.
That's the kind of hats they were
wearing,
just like those. That's what they were
wearing in Poland. The Polish troops
were wearing those,
with those little hats like that.
The Lord says, 'You're not quite done
yet.'That's
what he just said to me. He said,
'Push just a little further and then
you're done
tonight.'He
said, 'You're not quite done.'Okay. So where's
the next river?
Where do you
want to go?
Let's do this, I'll help you.
I'm here for you.
Let's do this, Father.
We are a
war
team. Do you get that? Isn't it fun?
Praying is fun.
It's making prayer fun again for a lot
of you. It's fun. Prayer is fun.
Seeking him is fun.
I enjoy it. I see movies. The Lord
says it. But I know that when you're
here, we pray together. We're doing
something.
Here.
Okay,
okay,
I see it. There's more SIM cards. That's
all I'll say. And they'll say, 'Pray
uncovering in your
nation.'The
Lord said I can say there's one
city,
two
cities,
three more cities,,
strategically placed.
Strategically
placed
major hubs.
So we just pray for the Lord to reveal
where that is to law
enforcement, okay? Because we don't know,
but the Holy Spirit
does, and he will show law
enforcement where they need to go,
right?
We don't dip in that; it's not smart for
us to. So we just kind of
pray over the areas.
Does that make sense? We pray over the
areas. That's a way to say that,
right?
I'm not saying I know where they are.
That's not what I'm saying.
No.
My leg's falling asleep.
We must pray for New York today.
Do you understand?
You must pray for New York today.
If you live in that city,
you must drive around.
You must pray for New York today. I hear
the Lord say
it's not just that city
alone, but it's a highlighted big
one.
What is it, Lord?
Yeah.
Can I say that?
Oh,
a Red Dawn experience.
I can say that,
a
Pearl Harbor experience.
Father, so now we pray in English for
President Trump. We pray a hedge of
protection around about him, around his
wife, around his children, around his
grandchildren, around the vice president.
We pray a hedge of protection around our
Supreme Court justices, just
like you protected them today.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that there
are
angels all around our Senate and
our House leaders. Father, I thank you,
Lord, for our law enforcement, for our
homeland security, for our FBI, for our
CIA, for anyone that is there to
uphold the Constitution of the United
States of America. We thank you, Lord,
that they are protected, Father, that
you would give them wisdom and insight
so
every plot, every plan, every
evildoer
will be caught and brought to
justice in the name of Jesus. To the
smallest of towns, to the largest of
the cities, we thank you, Lord, that you
put a hedge of your protection around
and about this nation, around President
Trump's children, his grandchildren. We
pray a thousand should fall at their
side and 10,000 at their right hand,
but it shall not come nigh them. We
thank you, Lord, that your angels
are camped around and about them in
the name of Jesus. And I thank you for
President Trump's health. We pray over
every artery, over his heart, over his
blood flow, over his mind,
that he would have
Solomon-type
thinking to have wisdom to lead
these people in the name of Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for supernatural
wisdom:
no Alzheimer's, no
dementia, no attack of foggy thinking.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that he
would live long and finish strong, and
his heart is strong, his liver, his
kidneys, everything about him. No
cancers, no diabetes, nothing comes
to
him. We call healing and wholeness
and wellness on him, that he is
sustained to get the job done. Thank
you, Lord, for his children: Barron,
Eric, Don Jr., and the girls, Ivanka and
Tiffany.
We pray a hedge of protection
around and about them, over every
single one of those kids. We thank you,
Lord, that there's no calamity that
comes nigh them in any shape or form. We
thank you, Lord, that there are angels keeping
watch
around them, that
there
would not be any more Charlie
incidents.
No more attacks like Charlie.
We pray a hedge of protection around
every one of our people in the name of
Jesus. And we thank you, Lord, that whatever is
plotted, whatever is
being
planned, will be brought to light in the
name of Jesus, and that the light would
come on and our secret people—even our
Secret
Service—would
see it, hear it, and know
way before time.
Father, I thank you, Lord,
for our nation. I thank you, Lord,
that we're one nation under God, and
we will continue to be so, as we pray
over our elections occurring in 2026, that
this will be a year of a great red wave
again, that we will win all across this
land again, and that the righteous would
go and run for office.
We will replace
these RINOs, that we would
have people with character and ability
to speak like Charlie, that would
captivate the people so that they want to
vote for righteous people. Give them
wisdom like David
and Daniel.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that
people would have the gift and the call
to say, 'Hey, I'm running for
office,'because
you put them and you've chosen them
for such a time as this.
We thank you, Lord, for our military. We
thank you, Lord, that they would get
this budget bill passed and
that there would be pay for our
military workers
and for our... I mean, there's so
many people that are going without right
now, who are not high
politicians that have all the money.
Father, if they're lacking any good
thing, I thank you, Lord, that you
provide for them,
that you take care of our government
officials, whoever
is
suffering, our military, our
people that are protecting us.
Thank you, Father,
that the confusion and all this
craziness would stop.
Thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, for our high school
football games, for our college games,
for our baseball games. We pray
protection over the NFL, all of them.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there
are
angels watching over the people, and
that they have fun. And
Father, I thank you, Lord,
that you're watching over us in
Jesus'name,
that your hand of protection is on our
land,
like it was today,
catching the guy with the 200 devices.
But the hand of God moved mightily and
protected us today.
And
Father, we give you all the glory,
honor, and praise.
And we don't take it for granted.
Just like you said, 'When I produce a
miracle for you once
and you look at it and go, "Oh, it's
just one
thing,"we
don't dishonor
it.'We
give you praise, Father.
Thank you for what you did today,
for protecting our Supreme Court
justices,
for protecting all of... Father, for the
crazy guy in the tent.
God, your hand was on this
nation again.
Even if it seemed way out there, nobody
got hurt.
The opportunity was there, but God, your
mercy endures forever.
For the Lord is good
and his mercy endures forever.
For the Lord, he is good and his mercy
endures forever.
Thank you, Father,
for all that you've done and all that
you're going to continue to do as we
continue
to pray over these
things that you're showing us are
coming.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that
things we can prevent, we prevent in
prayer tonight. And Father, I thank you,
Lord, that what I'm looking forward to
the most is the day you say, 'Come up
here.'Father,
I thank you, Lord.
I thank you, Lord, that you're coming
for your bride. You're coming for your
bride; the rapture of the church, I
believe, is right at the door.
Thank you, Father, for a great harvest
of souls again tonight in
Jesus'mighty
name.
And everybody say, 'Amen and
amen.'Well,
did you get something out of this
tonight? Did you?
It's over two hours, I know,
but there was a lot there and we
did a lot of work.
I'm so thankful for every single one
of you that pray with me
and pray for our nation.
The
last two videos have been really
interesting, haven't they?
Lizard people and war.
I
go, 'What in the world,
Lord?'So,
we pray into this. This is very
serious about Poland.
About...
what was I
calling it?
No, not Warsaw. I'm not
talking about... I'm talking about the
other one down here. It was
highlighted.
Romania. Romania.
Yep. Romania. It was really highlighted.
Romania.
Is Romania close to
Ukraine?
I'm sorry, y'all, I'm not very good at
geography.
Right. That's
it.
Okay. Well, that's why
they're involved. And I saw
Poland, I saw Ukraine, and I saw Italy
get involved. And then
I saw France, Germany,
the
United Kingdom,
Canada.
It was all heavily
involved in
this—Finland,
all of the EU, right?
But it was mainly those that stood out
the most.
So, I don't know.
I thought, 'Wow, this thing is getting...
God help
them.'Well,
God bless you all tonight.
I pray like that. My voice gets
very
tired after praying for so long. I
go, 'Oh my goodness,
Lord.'But
I feel like we did good
tonight. We prayed well, we pushed
hard. Thank you for pushing with me and
praying down the
tubing river.
Anybody like going tubing with Brandon? Will
you
go tubing in the Holy
Ghost rivers?
Glory to God. It's like Braden said:
making prayer fun again,
not religious. It's just relationship.
Isn't that wonderful? Don't you
understand? People make prayer so
religious,
but we make prayer fun. It's
relationship. It's just having
fellowship with the Father,
and He shows you things which are to come,
and He'll talk to you.
It's just
a
download-upload,
and that's what we do here at this
house.
You pray with us. Thank you for being
with us tonight.
Could you do me a favor?
I'm not asking you for anything other
than to do this one thing: subscribe.
Please subscribe to my
channel. We're believing God for a
million men and women prayer army. And
for those of you who already have clicked out
and left tonight, whatever. But I just
want you to please subscribe if you
haven't.
Click the notification bell, click the
like button, comment something nice down
below
when this is over and
it
uploads again. It helps with the
algorithm. We're believing to get
the lost saved for Jesus. That's what
this channel is about:
reaching the lost,
leaving the ninety-nine to go
after the one. Jesus loves you so much.
And he doesn't want any of you all to go
to hell.
He wants you to all come to repentance.
If there's any of you here tonight and
you've never accepted Jesus Christ as
your Lord and personal savior
and you're here and you like, "Man,
this is all wild. I want to learn how to
pray like that. I'd like to get born
again."I
know I have a lot of psychics that
watch me.
I know I have a lot of soothsayers.
They tell me
they're into the occult. They love this
channel. That's interesting to me.
You say, "I watch you, man. I tell
fortunes and you're no different
than us."Oh, no. I'm way more different
than you.
You're listening to the familiar spirits
and devils. And I'm listening to the
Holy Spirit,
the spirit of God.
And I want to tell you,
the power that dwells on the inside of
me
destroys the power that's on the inside
of you.
Your devil is defeated. My Jesus is
alive and well.
He's seated at the right hand of the
father.
But I want to give you the opportunity.
I'm not challenging you.
I'm extending a
hand of Jesus loves you
and he don't want you to go to hell.
You're
here and it's interesting to you
and you want to know about all the
seeing over. You tell me all the time,
"Boy, I want to learn
like that because you're like
psychic."I'm
not psychic.
I don't control the gift. He does.
I have a treasure in earthen vessel.
The excellency of the power will be known of
him
and not of me.
I decrease that he increases.
The moment the focus is on me,
it's off.
It's always to attract, to
deflect.
It's to give God all the praise.
Braden
is just a vessel.
But what I'm trying to tell you is
you're interested in the spirit realm
and he wants you to come home
tonight. He wants you to accept Jesus
Christ as your Lord and personal savior.
He's knocking at your heart right now.
All you fortune tellers that are
watching me right now, all you
soothsayers, you say, "I need
Jesus."Yes,
you do. You need Jesus.
But I believe that even the ones that
are just
backsliding,
you're here tonight and you're backsliding
and
you once were on
fire for the Lord
and you once were excited about church,
but you've turned away from it.
And tonight, God's extending his hand to
you and he's saying, "Come home.
Come
home."And
there may just be one of you,
but I would be doing
a disservice to the Lord if I didn't
give an altar call and give you an
opportunity to return from it
and come home.
So if I'm talking to you tonight
and you feel that itching on the
inside of you, the Holy Spirit's drawing
you right now and you feel, "Brandon,
I'm having a hard time. I need to
come home. I need Jesus Christ as my
Lord and personal savior.
I just want to get born
again."I've
never accepted—I've been in the
occult, I've done all
this—because
I'm telling you, I know there's a lot
of you who tell me, "I'm in the occult.
I worship the devil,"and that's what
you tell me.
"We just come to watch
you."But
Jesus wants you to know him.
He loves you.
He has a
fatted calf he's ready to kill for
you to celebrate.
He has a robe.
He has it all.
He paid the price for you not to go to
hell.
What a shame that you wouldn't accept
him.
What a shame that you—you might have the
opportunity.
You don't know.
No one knows the day they're going to
die.
It's appointed unto man once to die and
after that the judgment, the Bible says.
And you may be here, and the very shoes
you put on today to go to work, the
Undertaker might be taking them off
tonight.
So, I want to ask you, do you
know my friend?
Do you know him?
Does he know you?
I'm not talking about knowing about him.
I'm talking about knowing him.
Do you know Jesus Christ?
You're running out of time.
You may be living in one of those areas
I just talked about
in the middle of the
night—those
bombs
might be falling on your house.
I talk to people all over the world, and
you're
all
different kinds of lifestyles.
And right now, I think it's
probably Australia and some other
places usually by now, but
here in
a little bit, I always
have my German friends watching.
I just want you to really search
yourself right now
as we get ready to close this out and
say,
"Do I know Jesus
and does he know
me?"And
if you're here right now, I want you
to put in the comment section right now,
"I need to be
saved."I
want you to put in the comment
section, "Tonight, I'm coming home.
Tonight, I'm going to
come back home. I don't want to
run anymore.
I'm running to God. I'm not running from
him
anymore. I need
Jesus."I
don't know how many of you there
are, but even if there's just one of
you, it's worth it.
And I want to say a prayer with you,
and I want to lead you back to Jesus
tonight. I want you to run with him with
your arms wide open.
You run to God when you sin, you don't
run away from him.
The moment you confess it, it's no more,
whatever it is that you're dealing with.
So, I'm going to say a prayer right now,
and
you're going to repeat it after me. It's
a simple prayer. It's not religious. I
hate religion, and I'll say it again:
I'm all about relationship.
So, I want you to say this prayer with
me right now. Say, "Jesus,
I believe you're the son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose
again on the third day.
I believe that you wrote my name in
the Lamb's Book of Life tonight as I
pray.
Wash me with your precious blood.
Cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
Thank you, Jesus.
I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on the devil.
And from this day forward, Lord, I'm
sold out to you.
I'll serve you with all my heart.
From this day forward,
help me, Lord.
I thank you, Lord, that if I confess my
sins,
you are faithful and just to forgive me
of my sins and cleanse me of all
unrighteousness.
The Bible says, 'With the heart, confession
is
made unto
salvation.'So
I confess my sins before you,
Father,
and I believe that you're the son of God
and that today I'm saved.
Thank you, Lord, that I have a new start
today.
From this day forward, Lord, I'll serve
you."That's
it.
You're forgiven.
And I believe the angels in heaven are
rejoicing about your decision tonight to
turn back to Jesus.
I believe that all the fortune tellers,
if you want to accept Jesus Christ,
you probably have to go through a little
bit of some deliverance
because
you've let some stuff in.
But that ain't nothing.
I've been there, done that,
and Jesus set me free.
And if he'll do it for me,
he'll do it for you.
Nobody knows how bound Braden was,
and Jesus set me free.
So, I just want to let you know that
he'll set you free, too.
So, get in a Bible-believing church, a
non-denominational church.
That's where I would go.
And I would tell that pastor
there, say, "I need to be
water-baptized.
I want to be water-baptized. Help me to
get plugged in here. I need to find a
family, a home church to
go to"and go there on Wednesday,
Sunday, whenever they have Bible study,
whenever
they have prayer, whatever
they're going to be doing there. You get
involved in it. Plug yourself in there.
Get excited about this decision that you
just made tonight to accept Jesus Christ
and read your Bible and pray. Come pray
with us and you will never be the
same again. You say, "Brandon, I
don't have a
Bible."Well,
my wife and I would love to buy
you your first Bible.
If you just got born again tonight
and you said the sinner's prayer
with us,
tell us in the email down below. You'll
see an email down there. I want you to
email us and say, "I got
saved and I would like to have my free
Bible from being on your channel,
praying with us on this channel
tonight."We'll
never solicit you again. We'll
not
bother you again. We're not after
anything other than just to celebrate
your decision.
So, if you want a free Bible and you
said the sinner's prayer with us
tonight, and you want
it, we'll send it to you from Amazon. So,
that's all we want. We want to just
celebrate the decision you made tonight.
And we want to say congratulations.
You made the best decision you could
have
ever made.
So,
I don't know how many people gave their
heart to Jesus tonight, but if we had
any, Braden, I'd like to
know about it.
Do we have any? Yes.
67 salvations tonight. Congratulations
to
all 67 of you.
That's a wonderful thing. I'm glad you
came home to Jesus. He has a plan for
your life. It wasn't an accident that
you came tonight. He called you and has
chose
you for such a time as this.
That's a wonderful thing. 67 people gave
their heart to Jesus Christ.
Wonderful.
Wow.
That's a blessing.
Well, did you get something out of this
tonight, y'all? Did you have fun?
I don't even know what time it is. What
time did we even start this?
10. It's 10 right now.
Yeah. It's been going for
2 hours and 26 minutes.
Everybody said, "Brandon, you're
too long. Brandon, you're too
long."I'm
like, "Yay, man. You let the Holy Spirit
flow. He's in
control."So,
you can rewind, fast forward it, and
watch it back some other day.
So, well, God bless you all. I'm
gonna
end it there. It's getting late. 10
o'clock.
I didn't start it
and let it go until 11. I'm trying to
get a different kind of crowd. So,
seven
is
my—the
sevenish
people versus the
midnighters.
It's like a little earlier
versus really late.
I don't know.
But God bless you all. Remember,
put a smile on your face and a song in
your heart. Jesus loves you so much and
we love you.